Simple Bank Account Management - Simplified SRS

1. Introduction 
This program is designed to manage simple bank accounts. 
It tracks account details, including balances from multiple transaction types, 
and provides functionality to compute the total account balance.

2. Data Model (Structure & Multi-dimensional Array)
A struct BankAccount will be used to store data for each account.
char account_number[15]; (Unique account number)
char account_holder_name[50]; (Name of the account holder)
double opening_balance; (Initial balance when the account was opened)
double transaction_amounts[3]; (A double array to store amounts of the last 3 transactions (positive for deposit, negative for withdrawal). 
This acts as a multi-dimensional array when used within an array of struct BankAccount.)


3. Program Functionality (Menu & Tasks) 
The program will display a text-based menu with the following options, each implemented as a separate function:
Load Records: Read existing bank account records from accounts.txt into memory.
Save Records: Write all current bank account records from memory to accounts.txt.
Add New Account: Prompt for account number, holder name, opening balance, and 3 transaction amounts, then add to the records.
View All Accounts: Display details (Account Number, Holder Name, Opening Balance, and all 3 Transaction Amounts) for all registered accounts.
Search Account: Prompt for an Account Number and display that account's details if found.
Calculate Current Balance: For each account, calculate and display its current balance (opening balance + sum of transaction_amounts).
Exit Program: Terminate the application.

4. File I/O Specification
Data will be stored in accounts.txt.
Each account record should be on a new line.
Data fields should be separated by a chosen delimiter (e.g., comma, tab) in a consistent order (e.g., AccountNumber, AccountHolderName, OpeningBalance, 
Transaction1Amount, Transaction2Amount, Transaction3Amount).


5. Constraints & Notes
The application must be console-based (text-only UI).
Estimated code size: 200-400 lines.
Emphasis on using struct, char arrays (strings), double arrays (multi-dimensional concept), functions`, and file I/O.

